Now that we have a list of all of the different IDs of the tweets we're going to render,
the next thing we need to do is actually
build out the tweet component here so that we can
pass it an ID and it will be responsible for rendering each of the individual tweets.
So first as we typically do whenever we are building a new component,
we need to actually create a file for that component.
So, let's create a tweet.js file here and we will import
React as well as Component coming from the react library.
Then we are also going to connect this component.
So, we will grab Connect which is coming from react-redux.
So, now let's build out our class.
So, we have tweet,
it's going to extend its components.
We will give it a render method.
We'll just return a div for now that has a class name of 'tweet',
and then what we want to export is our connected component.
So, we can go ahead and invoke connect passing it our tweet component here.
Now, as always, whenever we connect a component to our redux state,
the question I'd like to ask is what
state does this component actually need from our redux store?
What will do is we will grab the auth user,
as well as all of the users,
and all of the tweets coming from the state of our store,
and with maps state to props.
If you pass the component that you're
rendering a prop that's going to come in here as the second argument.
So, what we can do is we are going to pass in an ID.
Now, what information do we want to pass from
the state of our redux store to our tweet component.
Well, we know we are given
the ID because when we render our tweet component we'll pass it,
the individual ID of the tweet.
So, what we can do is in order to get the tweet,
we can come in here and say tweets at the ID that we're passing it.
Then now what we can do is we can pass the tweet-component anything we want.
So, we'll pass it the authenticated user.
So that way whenever we like a tweet or whenever we respond to the tweet,
we'll be able to know who the actual authenticated user is.
Then we also want to pass it the tweet itself,
but what we first need to do is format the tweet so what will do is if you
remember inside of our helpers file in the utils folder,
we have a function called formatTweet.
What it does is,
it takes in the tweet,
the author of the tweet,
the authedUser as well as if the tweet has a parent tweet,
and then it just creates an object that looks like this.
So what we will do here,
is we want to get the formatted tweet.
We'll pass into it, the Tweet itself,
the user who made the tweet which we can get by saying users tweet.author.
Then thirdly, we'll pass in the authenticatedUser.
So now, what we want to do is let's come up here,
and when we render it let's go ahead and just console.log this.props.
So that we can see that this is working.
We need to make sure tweet in our mapStateToProps
function inside of our connecting vocation.
So, now inside of dashboard instead of just rendering,
that text right there what we want to
do is let's grab our tweet component that we've just barely
made and render this so that we can see if we are getting the correct data.
So, we render tweet passing it the ID.
So, now what we should see,
it looks like we have an error here.
So, this needs to be helpers not helper.
Then now inside of our console what we get as all of
the information for every tweet that we are going to be rendering.
So, this one for example has
an authedUser dispatch as well as an ID and then the tweet itself.